What bothers me is that I have nightmares, I see strange things, I feel that someone is touching me when no one is there.
I have symptoms of schizophrenia.
Schizophrenia? Where did you hear a word like that? Who said that to you?
I looked it up in a book.
Lain, it’s a good things to study hard, but it’s dangerous to go digging around and diagnosing yourself when you aren’t sick.
Have you heard the expression "a lot of how sick you feel depends on what you think about it?"
Actually I haven’t.
Oh?
Anyway, if you start diagnosing yourself, you’re going to start believing that you have all sorts of things wrong with you.
But I wanted to know what’s wrong with me. I wanted to understand.
I see.
I understand.
I think you’re intentions are right.
But I’d like to ask something of you.
Please don’t go around imagining and concocting... searching, for things that you think are wrong with you.
Can I ask that of you?
Then will you help me find what’s wrong?
Of course I will.
So let’s make a promise.
I will tell you everything I understand about you.
I won’t hide anything from you.
If you lie can I cut off your finger?
Hmm... you can do something even worse. You can hammer a nail into my head.
You’re goofy, Sensei.
Seriously, though, I really want to help you.
I’m an only child, and I always wished I had a younger sister—someone like you, Lain.
You’re my big sister then?
I’d be happy if you saw it that way.
I will.
Thank you. Anyway, let’s end for today. You’re tired aren’t you?
Uh, uh. But I’ll do what you asked me to do, Sensei.
Great! Hee, hee. Actually, I’m the one who’s tired.
You’re tired of me?
No, no! I don’t think that.
I’ve had a lot of other work to do today, too.
I like you and I’ll miss you until we meet again, Lain.
That makes me feel better.
Let’s end now, then. It’s getting late and we don’t want your mother to worry.
Goodbye, Touko Sensei.
Goodbye, Lain-chan.
Just call me Lain. It’s a bit weird for a "big sister" to call me Lain-chan.
Okay then, goodbye, Lain.
Goodbye.